Hello everyone and welcome to three tables quiz solution.
In this lecture we're just going to be coding through the solutions for the table quiz.
Let's get started.
All right so I have my text editor opened and I have my browser open to this tables that HVM l file
which is currently blank let me collapse that directory screen.
And here I have the actual text file with the quizz instruction so I can reference this data later on
or remember you want to just create a table with those three columns and three rows.
Let's start off by just creating the ditched him file itself.
Well luckily we just have to type H.T..
Hit enter and everything's automatically created there for us.
And then here in the body I'm going to just say something like table and let's insert a header just
to make sure we're properly lnk are heading I should say and we'll say table quiz save that.
Let's refresh this.
And here we see table quiz.
So we know these are linked together so we're good to go.
I can just delete that heading now since I know it's linked.
And now I have the table.
The first thing of this table that I want to create is the T head element.
I remember the T head or the table head is what actually has the column names.
So it has the column names in bold there.
And that takes in th cells instead of the regular T-cells.
In my first column will be the country name.
My second column will be the country flag and then my third column remember is the GDP in millions of
U.S. dollars.
So let's save that and make sure it actually worked for us by refreshing over here and there we have
a country named country flag GDP.
Millions of U.S. dollars.
But remember that the actual solutions that looked like it had a border to it.
And we covered how to create a border back in the tables lecture you just come up here to tables select
border equal to English just put in let's say to then we refresh and now we have that nice border.
Now it's just a matter of filling in the information.
So the information we have has to go under table rows or Tiaras tags.
So here's a table row.
Now let's start by filling in the first table cells.
So the first one we have is USA.
That's the first table cell.
Then the second one we have Tedi is going to be the actual image of the flag.
In order to put that in we need to call an image tag.
So we didn't actually show this in the table lecture but all you have to do is just type an image and
then put in the source.
So we have this image tag that we worked with earlier and it just nested inside this CD or table cell
tag.
And that's really all you had to do for that let's grab that USA flag link so I will copy and paste
it from here.
Let me copy that and then paste it inside the source save this and let me refresh to make sure everything
worked correctly here and there we have country flag and us so we're linked correctly.
And then finally the last cell I want for this row is with my tv tags here.
They will cell call it and let me zoom in a little bit so we can see a little better.
It's the GDP in millions of U.S. dollars.
And from the notes just right here 18 million 561 etc..
So let's pay that in.
Save it refresh.
And it looks like we're good to go.
Here we have the country named country flag and GDP.
Now just a matter of duplicating this process for the next two rows.
So again we just say table row and let's just put in the three cells right now.
DD see the the and the next one we had was India and then I'm going to put in the image tag again.
I M.G. enter and automatically has the S R C or the source for you and we will grab this Indian flag
from Wikipedia and a quick note.
Sometimes Wikipedia will change the actual links or the size of the picture.
So we're getting some distortion the size.
Don't worry we're going to cover how to actually set image sizes later on especially during the CSSA
lectures.
So if you get kind of funky flag sizes don't worry about it too much.
Just make sure you understand the idea of creating the table itself.
Don't worry too much about these actual links.
In fact you can replace it with your own links if you want it to.
So I will just copy and paste that flag in dealing crate there and then let me put in their GDP and
I have that information right over here.
Copy and paste that save this and let's make sure the second row worked right.
Perfect we have India Indian flag and then their GDP.
And then finally it's time for the United Kingdom.
Will put in their three selves.
Tedy t.
T the.
And we're going to say United Kingdom
image source and then there GDP Solecki GDP first copy and paste that in here.
Save this and refresh to make sure you still have the connection.
Perfect.
And now it's time for their flag so let's grab that flag link.
I'm going to just copy this from the notes and then paste it in here at their source.
Good let's save that.
And now with the refresh here I see the United Kingdom flag.
All right.
And that's really all we had to do.
So we have the country flaks USA India United Kingdom their flags and then GDP.
All right.
So hopefully found that exercise pretty straightforward.
Again you can always just reference to solutions notebook or excuse me solutions.
H tim Metafile.
In case you want to actually reference the code itself.
All right thanks everyone.
I hope that was straightforward and I'll see you at the next lecture.